Remove spaces in for statement heads (#19188)
prettier/prettier: changelog_unreleased/javascript/19188.md

> #### Remove extra space before `)` in `for` statement heads with empty update (#19188 by @Poliklot)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Remove extra space in `for` statement without "update" expression (#19188 by @Poliklot)
```
